Chat: add Editing Messages with Functions (#7443)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Chat/30 Editing Messages with Functions.md

You can set the **editing**.[allowDeleting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/editing/#allowDeleting) and [allowUpdating](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating) options to a Boolean value to toggle editing functionality. 

> Alternatively, you can customize conditions for when users can edit messages. For example, the following code snippet prevents editing or deleting messages over five minutes old.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can customize conditions for when users can edit messages. For example, the following code snippet prevents editing or deleting messages that are more than five minutes old:
```

---

##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->

>     const restrictEditing = (e) => {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    const restrictEditing = ({ message }) => {
```
